Documentation/Acceptance Tests/Personal Calendar.md, before:

# Posting Acceptance Tests
 - Acceptance tests for our website and mobile app are written instructions and run manually by a person using the website or mobile app.

## Website Acceptance Tests

### Create a Diary Entry - Website
1. Navigate to the yAPP website
2. If not already selected, select the "Sign In" tab at the top of the panel
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign In" button at the bottom of the panel
5. 

### View Your Own Diary Entries - Website
1. Navigate to the yAPP website
2. If not already selected, select the "Sign In" tab at the top of the panel
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign In" button at the bottom of the panel
5. 

### View You Friends' Diary Entries - Website
1. Navigate to the yAPP website
2. If not already selected, select the "Sign In" tab at the top of the panel
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign In" button at the bottom of the panel
5. 

## Mobile Acceptance Tests

### Create a Diary Entry - Mobile
1. Navigate to the yAPP mobile app
2. To sign in, you will be redirected to a browser webpage
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign in" button at the bottom of the panel
5. 

### View Your Own Diary Entries - Mobile
1. Navigate to the yAPP mobile app
2. To sign in, you will be redirected to a browser webpage
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign in" button at the bottom of the panel
5. 

### View You Friends' Diary Entries - Mobile
1. Navigate to the yAPP mobile app
2. To sign in, you will be redirected to a browser webpage
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign in" button at the bottom of the panel
5.

Commit message:

Add create diary entry acceptance tests

Documentation/Acceptance Tests/Personal Calendar.md, after:

# Posting Acceptance Tests
 - Acceptance tests for our website and mobile app are written instructions and run manually by a person using the website or mobile app.

## Website Acceptance Tests

### Create a Diary Entry - Website
1. Navigate to the yAPP website
2. If not already selected, select the "Sign In" tab at the top of the panel
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign In" button at the bottom of the panel
5. Select the "Create Post" button on the panel on the right of the screen
6. Enter a post title in the textfield under "Title:"
7. Enter the post contents in the textfield under "Content:"
8. To create the post as a diary entry, click the toggle next to "Diary Post?" at the top of the panel
9. Optionally, you can make your diary post not anonymous, so your friends will see your username when they see your post
    - To enable this, clikc the toggle next to "Anonymous?" at the top of the panel
10. To discard the post, select the "Discard" button at the bottom of the panel
11. To create the post, select the "Create Post" button at the bottom of the panel
12. A pop-up should appear confirming you have created a new post
13. Done!

### View Your Own Diary Entries - Website
1. Navigate to the yAPP website
2. If not already selected, select the "Sign In" tab at the top of the panel
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign In" button at the bottom of the panel
5. 

### View You Friends' Diary Entries - Website
1. Navigate to the yAPP website
2. If not already selected, select the "Sign In" tab at the top of the panel
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign In" button at the bottom of the panel
5. 

## Mobile Acceptance Tests

### Create a Diary Entry - Mobile
1. Navigate to the yAPP mobile app
2. To sign in, you will be redirected to a browser webpage
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign in" button at the bottom of the panel
5. Select the "Create Post" button on the bottom navigation bar
6. Enter a post title in the textfield where the text "Insert title here" appears
7. Enter the post contents in the textfield under "Insert very interesting content here" appears
8. To create the post as a diary entry, click the toggle next to "Diary Post?" at the top of the panel
9. Optionally, you can make your diary post not anonymous, so your friends will see your username when they see your post
    - To enable this, clikc the toggle next to "Anonymous?" at the top of the panel
10. To discard the post, select the "Discard" button at the bottom of the panel
    - A pop-up will appear to confirm if you'd like to discard the post, select "Yes"
11. To create the post, select the "Create Post" button at the bottom of the panel
    - A pop-up should appear confirming you have created a new post
12. Done!


### View Your Own Diary Entries - Mobile
1. Navigate to the yAPP mobile app
2. To sign in, you will be redirected to a browser webpage
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign in" button at the bottom of the panel
5. 

### View You Friends' Diary Entries - Mobile
1. Navigate to the yAPP mobile app
2. To sign in, you will be redirected to a browser webpage
3. Enter account details
    - Email
    - Password
4. Select the "Sign in" button at the bottom of the panel
5.
