README.md, before:

# yAPP 

yAPP is an anonymous chatting application to provide users, known as Yappers, a safe and secure space to share their thoughts, ask questions to the general public, and open up to their friends, all anonymously. The anonymity yAPP provides allows Yappers to separate their personal lives with their online personas. On traditional social media platforms, actions such as posting, commenting, or viewing are all tied to accounts, leaving identities vulnerable to being traced or even exposed.

## Website
 - You can view our website on our main environment [here](https://dqn0i6zpqfsuv.cloudfront.net/).
 - We also have a dev environment [here](https://dezluqsjxnkgt.cloudfront.net/).

## Demo
 - You can view our demo once our AWS interactions have been deleted [here](./Documentation/Demo/Demo.md).

## Folder Structure
 - [Backend - Amplify](./amplify/)
 - [Frontend - Mobile](./yAppMobile/)
 - [Frontend - Web](./yAppWeb/)
 - [Documentation](./Documentation/)

## Running Details
 - Here is our [Getting Started](./Documentation/Sprint%201/Get%20Started%20Documentation.md) Documentation to run our project.
 - Here are our [Acceptance Tests](./Documentation/Acceptance%20Tests/), which provide instructions for how to run manual acceptance tests on our website and mobile app.

## Login Information
 - To create a yAPP account follow the instructions under the section "Account Creation" [here](./Documentation/Acceptance%20Tests/Profile%20Management.md).
 - To log into an existing a yAPP account follow the instructions under the section "Account Login" [here](./Documentation/Acceptance%20Tests/Profile%20Management.md).

## Proposal
- Here is the [Project Proposal](./Documentation/Sprint%200/Project%20Proposal.md) for sprint 0.

## Worksheet
- Here is our [worksheet](./Documentation/Sprint%201/Sprint%201%20Worksheet.md) for sprint 1.
- Here is our [worksheet](./Documentation/Sprint%202/Sprint%202%20Worksheet.md) for sprint 2.
- Here is our [worksheet](./Documentation/Sprint%203/Sprint%203%20Worksheet.md) for sprint 3.

## Milestones
- Here are the [milestones](https://github.com/KageSilver/yAPP/milestones) we set up for our project.

## Features
- Here are the open [features](https://github.com/KageSilver/yAPP/labels/feature) we have for our project.

## User Stories
- Here are the open [user stories](https://github.com/KageSilver/yAPP/labels/user%20story) for our project.

## API Documentation
 - Here is our [API documentation](./Documentation/API%20Documentation.md) for our project.

## Test plan
 - Here is our [test plan](./Documentation/Test%20Plan.md) for our project.

## Architecture
 - Here is our [architecture](./Documentation/Architecture.md) for our project.

## Sequence Diagrams
 - Here are our [sequence diagrams](./Documentation/Sequence%20Diagrams/Sequence%20Diagrams.md) for the project.

## Meeting Minutes
- Here are our [minutes](./Documentation/Meeting%20Minutes) from our meetings.

## Standards and Other Guides
- Here are our [coding conventions](./Documentation/Standards/Coding%20Conventions.md) used for the project.
- Here is our [repository protocol](./Documentation/Standards/Repository%20Protocol.md).

Commit message:

Add presentations and work division spreadsheet to repository

README.md, after:

# yAPP 

yAPP is an anonymous chatting application to provide users, known as Yappers, a safe and secure space to share their thoughts, ask questions to the general public, and open up to their friends, all anonymously. The anonymity yAPP provides allows Yappers to separate their personal lives with their online personas. On traditional social media platforms, actions such as posting, commenting, or viewing are all tied to accounts, leaving identities vulnerable to being traced or even exposed.

## Website
 - You can view our website on our main environment [here](https://dqn0i6zpqfsuv.cloudfront.net/).
 - We also have a dev environment [here](https://dezluqsjxnkgt.cloudfront.net/).

## Demo
 - You can view our demo once our AWS interactions have been deleted [here](./Documentation/Demo/Demo.md).

## Presentations
 - You can view the presentations with their scripts [here](./Documentation/Presentations/).

## Folder Structure
 - [Backend - Amplify](./amplify/)
 - [Frontend - Mobile](./yAppMobile/)
 - [Frontend - Web](./yAppWeb/)
 - [Documentation](./Documentation/)

## Running Details
 - Here is our [Getting Started](./Documentation/Sprint%201/Get%20Started%20Documentation.md) Documentation to run our project.
 - Here are our [Acceptance Tests](./Documentation/Acceptance%20Tests/), which provide instructions for how to run manual acceptance tests on our website and mobile app.

## Login Information
 - To create a yAPP account follow the instructions under the section "Account Creation" [here](./Documentation/Acceptance%20Tests/Profile%20Management.md).
 - To log into an existing a yAPP account follow the instructions under the section "Account Login" [here](./Documentation/Acceptance%20Tests/Profile%20Management.md).

## Proposal
- Here is the [Project Proposal](./Documentation/Sprint%200/Project%20Proposal.md) for sprint 0.

## Worksheet
- Here is our [worksheet](./Documentation/Sprint%201/Sprint%201%20Worksheet.md) for sprint 1.
- Here is our [worksheet](./Documentation/Sprint%202/Sprint%202%20Worksheet.md) for sprint 2.
- Here is our [worksheet](./Documentation/Sprint%203/Sprint%203%20Worksheet.md) for sprint 3.

## Milestones
- Here are the [milestones](https://github.com/KageSilver/yAPP/milestones) we set up for our project.

## Features
- Here are the open [features](https://github.com/KageSilver/yAPP/labels/feature) we have for our project.

## User Stories
- Here are the open [user stories](https://github.com/KageSilver/yAPP/labels/user%20story) for our project.

## API Documentation
 - Here is our [API documentation](./Documentation/API%20Documentation.md) for our project.

## Test plan
 - Here is our [test plan](./Documentation/Test%20Plan.md) for our project.

## Architecture
 - Here is our [architecture](./Documentation/Architecture.md) for our project.

## Sequence Diagrams
 - Here are our [sequence diagrams](./Documentation/Sequence%20Diagrams/Sequence%20Diagrams.md) for the project.

## Meeting Minutes
- Here are our [minutes](./Documentation/Meeting%20Minutes) from our meetings.

## Standards and Other Guides
- Here are our [coding conventions](./Documentation/Standards/Coding%20Conventions.md) used for the project.
- Here is our [repository protocol](./Documentation/Standards/Repository%20Protocol.md).
